Good daughter-in-law, my sister is also loved by someone else.
Provoked by that bitch.
That's why I misunderstood you.
Sir, you have a large number, don't compare it with us.
Are you a boy, you say?
I will help you export evil energy, you go.
That Rett guy wishes him courage.
He dares to give you once and then dares to give you a second time
I don't want anything to happen to you either.
Right? It is impossible for you to be without hands.
Suffer in vain
It's okay, you can rest assured.
Three days later.
Binh Dinh Group signed the order
The signing will wait for me to restore my identity.
I definitely want this soldier to look good.
Hundreds of billions of orders from the Group today
It's an engagement gift I prepared.
Now we are married.
So this order of hundreds of billions is yours.
My friend, my friend.
Stop boasting.
I promise to make you the next richest person in Long Xuyen.
This problem of his liking to brag finds time to be corrected.
But...
Lupine was wounded too deeply.
Just let him speak first.
Why are you so perfunctory, don't you believe it?
hmm damn